doc: use service annotations to provide Cloud permissions (IRSA and Workload Identity) (#836)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/backup_recovery.md

the instance can upload the WAL files, e.g.
`s3://BUCKET_NAME/path/to/folder`.

#### IAM Role for Service Account (IRSA)

In order to use IRSA we need an `annotation` in the cluster's serviceaccount.

> Using the `inheritedMetadata` configuration, the metadatas are propagated to **all** the resources created by the operator for a given cluster.

Author: Oh I didn't know that the annotations is kept. I definitely prefer this approach too. Let me check that, if that works as you say I would prefer not to talk about the `inheritedMetadata` option at all.
Does it make sense?

> Using the `inheritedMetadata` configuration, the metadatas are propagated to **all** the resources created by the operator for a given cluster.

Author: Don't you think we could change the spec a bit to add a new parameter (because that'd be painful to ensure that the serviceaccount is created before the `Cluster` resource in a gitops workflow) ?:

```yaml

serviceAccount:
  annotations: {...}
```

> Using the `inheritedMetadata` configuration, the metadatas are propagated to **all** the resources created by the operator for a given cluster.

Reviewer: Thanks, I prefer this option too (I mean creating before the `ServiceAccount` with the required annotation) and I also would not mention the `spec.inheritedMetadata` option to achieve this or at least I would just say that is also possible, if preferred for any reasons.
Regarding the additional spec field, this is an option too but I also think that with some GitOps flow we can rely on some kind of dependencies, like for example Kustomize does with `spec.dependsOn` into the `Kustomization` resource. However, if you are having a strong option for that additional spec field, we can ask for some maintainers opinion here to get some additional feedback!

```

This, will tell the operator that the cluster is running inside a Google Kubernetes
Engine meaning that no credentials are needed to upload the files.

> However this will require proper [Workload Identity](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity) configuration and a specifica `annotation` in the cluster's service account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However this will require proper [Workload Identity](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity) configuration and a specific `annotation` in the cluster's service account.
```

> Using the `inheritedMetadata` configuration, the metadatas arepropagated to **all** the resources created by the operator for a given cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the `inheritedMetadata` configuration, the metadatas are propagated to **all** the resources created by the operator for a given cluster.
```
